Thank you, Jennifer, very much. And also thank you, Jerry and Betty, for sharing your thoughts and memories.
Now we will have from Braun Journey some more of his heart music.
Well, it was about 10 o'clock on a Sunday morning, and there was this man and this wife, and they were laying in bed.
And the wife said, you know, it's time to go to church. It's getting real late. You better get up.
And the husband said, you know, I just don't feel like going to church today.
You know, nobody really likes me there. I feel so alone. I'm lonely. And I don't know, I just don't feel like going.
And the wife said, well, you have to go to church.
And the husband said, give me three reasons why I have to go to church.
And the wife said, I'm your wife. I want you to go to church. Your kids, they want you to go to church. And you're the preacher.
This piece is entitled The Bells of Aberdusty.
The Bells of Aberdusty
Applause